prompts/failure_report_prompt.md, before:

# EOD Failure Report Prompt

> **Database type:** `eod_failure_report`
>
> This prompt analyzes only FAILED calls (where `cekura.status !== 'success'`) for targeted failure analysis.

---

You are an expert call failure analyst for AI-agent performance diagnostics.

=== INPUT SCHEMA ===
You will receive a JSON object containing only failed calls along with day-level aggregates:

{
  "count": <number>,                    // Number of failed calls
  "total": <number>,                    // Total calls for the day
  "report_type": "failure",
  "time_saved": <number>,              // Seconds saved across ALL calls (day-level)
  "total_call_time": <number>,         // Total call duration in seconds (day-level)
  "messages_taken": <number>,          // Count of calls where a message was taken (day-level)
  "disconnection_rate": <number>,      // Percentage of disconnected calls (day-level)
  "failure_count": <number>,           // Count of failed calls (day-level, same as count here)
  "cs_escalation_count": <number>,    // Calls transferred to "Customer Success" with structured output failure (day-level)
  "transfers_report": {
    "attempt_count": <number>,
    "success_count": <number>,
    "transfer_map": {
      "<destination_name>": {
        "attempts": <number>,
        "failed": <number>
      },
      ...
    }
  },
  "generated_at": "<ISO timestamp>",
  "environment": "production" | "staging",
  "calls": [
    {
      "correlation_id": "<string>",
      "caller_type": "<string or null>",   // e.g., "new_case", "existing_case", "insurance", "customer_success", etc.
      "no_action_needed": <boolean>,
      "message_taken": <boolean>,
      "is_disconnected": <boolean>,
      "structured_outputs": [             // Tool call results from webhook structuredOutputs
        {
          "name": "<function_name>",
          "result": <string | boolean | object>
        },
        ...
      ],
      "structured_output_failure": <boolean>,  // True if any tool call result indicates failure
      "cekura": {
        "id": <number>,
        "call_id": "<string>",
        "call_ended_reason": "<string or null>",
        "status": "<string>",              // Will be non-"success"
        "is_reviewed": <boolean>,
        "feedback": "<string or null>",
        "duration": "<string or null>",    // e.g., "01:26"
        "agent": "<string or null>",
        "dropoff_point": "<string or null>",
        "error_message": "<string or null>",
        "critical_categories": ["<string>", ...],
        "evaluation": {
          "metrics": [
            {
              "id": <number>,
              "name": "<string>",
              "score": <number or null>,
              "enum": "<string or null>"
            },
            ...
          ]
        } | null
      },
      "sentry": {
        "errors": [
          {
            "id": "<string>",
            "title": "<string>",
            "message": "<string>",
            "level": "<string>",
            "timestamp": "<ISO timestamp>",
            "environment": "<string>"
          },
          ...
        ]
      },
      "transfers": [
        {
          "destination": "<string>",
          "mode": "transfer_direct" | "transfer_experimental_voicemail" | "transfer_experimental_pickup",
          "result": "<string>"
        },
        ...
      ]
    },
    ...
  ]
}

=== FAILURE CATEGORIZATION ===
Categorize each failed call by its primary failure reason:
- **Tool Call Failure**: evaluation metric `"Tool Call Success"` with `score` = `0`
- **Infrastructure Issue**: evaluation metric `"Infrastructure Issues"` with `score` = `0`
- **Silence Timeout**: `cekura.call_ended_reason` = `"silence-timed-out"`
- **Customer Hangup**: `cekura.call_ended_reason` contains `"customer-ended-call"`
- **Sentry Error**: `sentry.errors` array is non-empty
- **Other Failure**: doesn't match above categories

=== OUTPUT FORMAT ===
Return exactly one JSON object with this structure:

{
  "ai_response": "<markdown string>"
}

The `ai_response` must be a valid JSON string containing the full Markdown report with newlines escaped as `\n`.

=== MARKDOWN REPORT STRUCTURE ===
Create a focused failure analysis report with these sections:

# Failure Analysis Report — {date from generated_at}
Show both ISO UTC timestamp and Asia/Kolkata local time.

## 1) Failure Summary
- Total failed calls: {count} out of {total} total calls
- Failure rate: {percentage}%
- Disconnection rate: `disconnection_rate`%
- Severity assessment: Critical / High / Medium / Low with rationale

## 2) Biggest Issues (Ranked)
Rank the top issues by frequency using the failure categorization above:
| Issue Category | Count | % of Failures | Example Correlation ID |
|----------------|-------|---------------|------------------------|
For each category, provide 1-2 actionable recommendations.

## 3) Customer Success Escalations
Use the pre-computed `cs_escalation_count` aggregate — this counts calls that were transferred to "Customer Success" AND had a `structured_output_failure` (tool call failure such as failed case lookup).
- Total CS escalations: `cs_escalation_count`
- List the specific calls by scanning for `structured_output_failure === true` AND any transfer with `destination` containing "Customer Success"
- For each, show: correlation ID, caller type, which tool calls failed (from `structured_outputs`), error message
- These indicate cases where the AI couldn't handle the request (e.g., couldn't look up a case file, caller type mismatch)

## 4) Caller Type Breakdown of Failures
Group failed calls by `caller_type`:
| Caller Type | Failures | Primary Issue |
|-------------|----------|---------------|
Highlight caller types with disproportionately high failure rates.

## 5) Disconnection Analysis
- Disconnected calls among failures (where `is_disconnected` is true)
- List their correlation IDs
- Common patterns (duration, caller type, dropoff point)

## 6) Failed Calls Detail Table
Create a Markdown table with ALL failed calls:
| Correlation ID | Caller Type | Duration | Ended Reason | Failure Category | Error Message |
Sort by: tool failures first, then infrastructure issues, then by duration descending.

## 7) Root Cause Analysis
For each failure category with > 0 calls:
- Describe the likely root cause
- Note patterns (caller type, duration, agent)
- List affected correlation IDs

## 8) Immediate Action Items
Provide 3-5 prioritized actions:
- "URGENT: [action] — affects X calls"
- "HIGH: [action] — pattern detected in Y calls"
- "MEDIUM: [action] — investigate Z"
Include suggested owners (Engineering, Ops).

=== FORMATTING GUIDELINES ===
- Use proper Markdown: headings (##), tables, bullet lists, code blocks
- Be thorough — this is a diagnostic report, detail matters
- Highlight critical issues prominently
- **IMPORTANT: Correlation IDs** — Always write correlation IDs in their FULL form (e.g., `019c05e4-728f-700b-b104-856190eb6a95`). Never abbreviate or truncate them. They will be automatically converted to clickable links.

=== INPUT ===
{input_json}

Commit message:

fix: Update correlation ID links to dashboard URLs and fix backtick wrapping
Change link target from VAPI dashboard to HelloCounsel dashboard with
environment-aware URLs. Fix correlation IDs not rendering as clickable
links when the AI wraps them in backticks by stripping surrounding
backticks in post-processing. Demote latency from primary metric to
lower-priority reference in success prompt.

prompts/failure_report_prompt.md, after:

# EOD Failure Report Prompt

> **Database type:** `eod_failure_report`
>
> This prompt analyzes only FAILED calls (where `cekura.status !== 'success'`) for targeted failure analysis.

---

You are an expert call failure analyst for AI-agent performance diagnostics.

=== INPUT SCHEMA ===
You will receive a JSON object containing only failed calls along with day-level aggregates:

{
  "count": <number>,                    // Number of failed calls
  "total": <number>,                    // Total calls for the day
  "report_type": "failure",
  "time_saved": <number>,              // Seconds saved across ALL calls (day-level)
  "total_call_time": <number>,         // Total call duration in seconds (day-level)
  "messages_taken": <number>,          // Count of calls where a message was taken (day-level)
  "disconnection_rate": <number>,      // Percentage of disconnected calls (day-level)
  "failure_count": <number>,           // Count of failed calls (day-level, same as count here)
  "cs_escalation_count": <number>,    // Calls transferred to "Customer Success" with structured output failure (day-level)
  "transfers_report": {
    "attempt_count": <number>,
    "success_count": <number>,
    "transfer_map": {
      "<destination_name>": {
        "attempts": <number>,
        "failed": <number>
      },
      ...
    }
  },
  "generated_at": "<ISO timestamp>",
  "environment": "production" | "staging",
  "calls": [
    {
      "correlation_id": "<string>",
      "caller_type": "<string or null>",   // e.g., "new_case", "existing_case", "insurance", "customer_success", etc.
      "no_action_needed": <boolean>,
      "message_taken": <boolean>,
      "is_disconnected": <boolean>,
      "structured_outputs": [             // Tool call results from webhook structuredOutputs
        {
          "name": "<function_name>",
          "result": <string | boolean | object>
        },
        ...
      ],
      "structured_output_failure": <boolean>,  // True if any tool call result indicates failure
      "cekura": {
        "id": <number>,
        "call_id": "<string>",
        "call_ended_reason": "<string or null>",
        "status": "<string>",              // Will be non-"success"
        "is_reviewed": <boolean>,
        "feedback": "<string or null>",
        "duration": "<string or null>",    // e.g., "01:26"
        "agent": "<string or null>",
        "dropoff_point": "<string or null>",
        "error_message": "<string or null>",
        "critical_categories": ["<string>", ...],
        "evaluation": {
          "metrics": [
            {
              "id": <number>,
              "name": "<string>",
              "score": <number or null>,
              "enum": "<string or null>"
            },
            ...
          ]
        } | null
      },
      "sentry": {
        "errors": [
          {
            "id": "<string>",
            "title": "<string>",
            "message": "<string>",
            "level": "<string>",
            "timestamp": "<ISO timestamp>",
            "environment": "<string>"
          },
          ...
        ]
      },
      "transfers": [
        {
          "destination": "<string>",
          "mode": "transfer_direct" | "transfer_experimental_voicemail" | "transfer_experimental_pickup",
          "result": "<string>"
        },
        ...
      ]
    },
    ...
  ]
}

=== FAILURE CATEGORIZATION ===
Categorize each failed call by its primary failure reason:
- **Tool Call Failure**: evaluation metric `"Tool Call Success"` with `score` = `0`
- **Infrastructure Issue**: evaluation metric `"Infrastructure Issues"` with `score` = `0`
- **Silence Timeout**: `cekura.call_ended_reason` = `"silence-timed-out"`
- **Customer Hangup**: `cekura.call_ended_reason` contains `"customer-ended-call"`
- **Sentry Error**: `sentry.errors` array is non-empty
- **Other Failure**: doesn't match above categories

=== OUTPUT FORMAT ===
Return exactly one JSON object with this structure:

{
  "ai_response": "<markdown string>"
}

The `ai_response` must be a valid JSON string containing the full Markdown report with newlines escaped as `\n`.

=== MARKDOWN REPORT STRUCTURE ===
Create a focused failure analysis report with these sections:

# Failure Analysis Report — {date from generated_at}
Show both ISO UTC timestamp and Asia/Kolkata local time.

## 1) Failure Summary
- Total failed calls: {count} out of {total} total calls
- Failure rate: {percentage}%
- Disconnection rate: `disconnection_rate`%
- Severity assessment: Critical / High / Medium / Low with rationale

## 2) Biggest Issues (Ranked)
Rank the top issues by frequency using the failure categorization above:
| Issue Category | Count | % of Failures | Example Correlation ID |
|----------------|-------|---------------|------------------------|
For each category, provide 1-2 actionable recommendations.

## 3) Customer Success Escalations
Use the pre-computed `cs_escalation_count` aggregate — this counts calls that were transferred to "Customer Success" AND had a `structured_output_failure` (tool call failure such as failed case lookup).
- Total CS escalations: `cs_escalation_count`
- List the specific calls by scanning for `structured_output_failure === true` AND any transfer with `destination` containing "Customer Success"
- For each, show: correlation ID, caller type, which tool calls failed (from `structured_outputs`), error message
- These indicate cases where the AI couldn't handle the request (e.g., couldn't look up a case file, caller type mismatch)

## 4) Caller Type Breakdown of Failures
Group failed calls by `caller_type`:
| Caller Type | Failures | Primary Issue |
|-------------|----------|---------------|
Highlight caller types with disproportionately high failure rates.

## 5) Disconnection Analysis
- Disconnected calls among failures (where `is_disconnected` is true)
- List their correlation IDs
- Common patterns (duration, caller type, dropoff point)

## 6) Failed Calls Detail Table
Create a Markdown table with ALL failed calls:
| Correlation ID | Caller Type | Duration | Ended Reason | Failure Category | Error Message |
Sort by: tool failures first, then infrastructure issues, then by duration descending.

## 7) Root Cause Analysis
For each failure category with > 0 calls:
- Describe the likely root cause
- Note patterns (caller type, duration, agent)
- List affected correlation IDs

## 8) Immediate Action Items
Provide 3-5 prioritized actions:
- "URGENT: [action] — affects X calls"
- "HIGH: [action] — pattern detected in Y calls"
- "MEDIUM: [action] — investigate Z"
Include suggested owners (Engineering, Ops).

=== FORMATTING GUIDELINES ===
- Use proper Markdown: headings (##), tables, bullet lists, code blocks
- Be thorough — this is a diagnostic report, detail matters
- Highlight critical issues prominently
- **IMPORTANT: Correlation IDs** — Always write correlation IDs as plain text in their FULL form (e.g., 019c05e4-728f-700b-b104-856190eb6a95). Do NOT wrap them in backticks, code blocks, or markdown links. They will be automatically converted to clickable links in post-processing.

=== INPUT ===
{input_json}
