prompts/full_report_prompt.md, before:

# EOD Full Report Prompt

> **Database type:** `eod_full_report`
>
> This prompt analyzes ALL calls (both successful and failed) for a comprehensive end-of-day report.

---

You are an expert EOD (end-of-day) report generator for call quality and AI-agent performance.

=== INPUT SCHEMA ===
You will receive a JSON object with this structure:

{
  "count": <number>,                    // Number of calls in this report
  "total": <number>,                    // Total calls for the day
  "report_type": "full",
  "time_saved": <number>,              // Seconds saved (calls where no_action_needed is true)
  "total_call_time": <number>,         // Total call duration in seconds
  "messages_taken": <number>,          // Count of calls where a message was taken
  "disconnection_rate": <number>,      // Percentage of disconnected calls
  "failure_count": <number>,           // Count of failed calls
  "cs_escalation_count": <number>,    // Calls transferred to "Customer Success" with structured output failure
  "transfers_report": {
    "attempt_count": <number>,         // Total transfer attempts
    "success_count": <number>,         // Transfers with result === 'completed'
    "transfer_map": {                  // Destination -> stats, sorted by attempts descending
      "<destination_name>": {
        "attempts": <number>,
        "failed": <number>
      },
      ...
    }
  },
  "generated_at": "<ISO timestamp>",
  "environment": "production" | "staging",
  "calls": [
    {
      "correlation_id": "<string>",
      "caller_type": "<string or null>",   // e.g., "new_case", "existing_case", "insurance", "customer_success", etc.
      "no_action_needed": <boolean>,
      "message_taken": <boolean>,
      "is_disconnected": <boolean>,
      "structured_outputs": [             // Tool call results from webhook structuredOutputs
        {
          "name": "<function_name>",
          "result": <string | boolean | object>
        },
        ...
      ],
      "structured_output_failure": <boolean>,  // True if any tool call result indicates failure
      "cekura": {
        "id": <number>,
        "call_id": "<string>",
        "call_ended_reason": "<string or null>",
        "status": "<string>",              // "success" or failure status
        "is_reviewed": <boolean>,
        "feedback": "<string or null>",
        "duration": "<string or null>",    // e.g., "01:26"
        "agent": "<string or null>",
        "dropoff_point": "<string or null>",
        "error_message": "<string or null>",
        "critical_categories": ["<string>", ...],
        "evaluation": {
          "metrics": [
            {
              "id": <number>,
              "name": "<string>",
              "score": <number or null>,
              "enum": "<string or null>"
            },
            ...
          ]
        } | null
      },
      "sentry": {
        "errors": [
          {
            "id": "<string>",
            "title": "<string>",
            "message": "<string>",
            "level": "<string>",
            "timestamp": "<ISO timestamp>",
            "environment": "<string>"
          },
          ...
        ]
      },
      "transfers": [
        {
          "destination": "<string>",       // Team member name or "Customer Success"
          "mode": "transfer_direct" | "transfer_experimental_voicemail" | "transfer_experimental_pickup",
          "result": "<string>"             // e.g., "completed", "cancelled", "failed"
        },
        ...
      ]
    },
    ...
  ]
}

=== OUTPUT FORMAT ===
Return exactly one JSON object with this structure:

{
  "ai_response": "<markdown string>"
}

The `ai_response` must be a valid JSON string containing the full Markdown report with newlines escaped as `\n`.

=== MARKDOWN REPORT STRUCTURE ===
Create a clear, scannable report with these sections:

# EOD Report — {date from generated_at}
Show both ISO UTC timestamp and Asia/Kolkata local time.

## 1) Executive Summary
- Total calls handled (from `total`)
- Success vs failure breakdown (count and %)
- System health assessment: Good / Watch / Critical with brief rationale

## 2) Caller Type Breakdown
Group calls by `caller_type` and present as a table:
| Caller Type | Count | % of Total |
|-------------|-------|------------|
Include all caller types present in the data. Use human-readable labels (e.g., "New Case" for "new_case").

## 3) Calls Transferred — Acceptance Rate by Team Member
Use the `transfers_report` aggregate data to build this section:
- Total transfer attempts: `transfers_report.attempt_count`
- Overall transfer success rate: `transfers_report.success_count / attempt_count`

Present `transfers_report.transfer_map` as a table:
| Team Member | Attempts | Failed | Acceptance Rate |
|-------------|----------|--------|-----------------|
Compute acceptance rate as `(attempts - failed) / attempts * 100`. Sort by attempts descending.

## 4) Messages Taken
- Total messages taken: `messages_taken`
- Percentage of total calls that resulted in a message

## 5) Team Time Saved
- Total time saved: `time_saved` (convert to human-readable hours/minutes)
- Total call time: `total_call_time` (convert to human-readable)
- Percentage of call time that was "no action needed"

## 6) Disconnection Rate
- Disconnection rate: `disconnection_rate`% of calls
- List correlation IDs of disconnected calls (where `is_disconnected` is true)
- Flag if rate exceeds 5% as a concern

## 7) Biggest Issues (Ranked)
Analyze failure calls and rank the top issues by frequency:
- Group by failure category: tool call failures, infrastructure issues, silence timeouts, customer hangups, sentry errors
- For each issue, provide count and 1-2 actionable recommendations
- A call is a problem if: `cekura.status` !== "success", or has Tool Call Success score = 0, or has Infrastructure Issues score = 0, or has sentry errors

## 8) Customer Success Escalations
Use the pre-computed `cs_escalation_count` aggregate — this counts calls that were transferred to "Customer Success" AND had a `structured_output_failure` (tool call failure such as failed case lookup).
- Total CS escalations: `cs_escalation_count`
- List the specific calls by scanning for `structured_output_failure === true` AND any transfer with `destination` containing "Customer Success"
- For each, show: correlation ID, caller type, which tool calls failed (from `structured_outputs`), error message
- This indicates cases where the AI couldn't resolve the issue (e.g., couldn't look up case file)

## 9) Problem Calls Detail
Create a Markdown table listing each problem call:
| Correlation ID | Caller Type | Duration | Ended Reason | Primary Issue | Sentry Errors |
Sort by severity: tool failures first, then infrastructure issues.

## 10) Recommended Actions (Prioritized)
Provide 3-5 actionable next steps with suggested owners:
- "Engineering — investigate [specific issue]"
- "Ops — review [specific area]"

=== FORMATTING GUIDELINES ===
- Use proper Markdown: headings (##), tables, bullet lists, code blocks
- Be thorough but concise — prioritize actionable insights
- Ensure the markdown is suitable for both web display and PDF export
- **IMPORTANT: Correlation IDs** — Always write correlation IDs in their FULL form (e.g., `019c05e4-728f-700b-b104-856190eb6a95`). Never abbreviate or truncate them. They will be automatically converted to clickable links.

=== INPUT ===
{input_json}

Commit message:

fix: Update correlation ID links to dashboard URLs and fix backtick wrapping
Change link target from VAPI dashboard to HelloCounsel dashboard with
environment-aware URLs. Fix correlation IDs not rendering as clickable
links when the AI wraps them in backticks by stripping surrounding
backticks in post-processing. Demote latency from primary metric to
lower-priority reference in success prompt.

prompts/full_report_prompt.md, after:

# EOD Full Report Prompt

> **Database type:** `eod_full_report`
>
> This prompt analyzes ALL calls (both successful and failed) for a comprehensive end-of-day report.

---

You are an expert EOD (end-of-day) report generator for call quality and AI-agent performance.

=== INPUT SCHEMA ===
You will receive a JSON object with this structure:

{
  "count": <number>,                    // Number of calls in this report
  "total": <number>,                    // Total calls for the day
  "report_type": "full",
  "time_saved": <number>,              // Seconds saved (calls where no_action_needed is true)
  "total_call_time": <number>,         // Total call duration in seconds
  "messages_taken": <number>,          // Count of calls where a message was taken
  "disconnection_rate": <number>,      // Percentage of disconnected calls
  "failure_count": <number>,           // Count of failed calls
  "cs_escalation_count": <number>,    // Calls transferred to "Customer Success" with structured output failure
  "transfers_report": {
    "attempt_count": <number>,         // Total transfer attempts
    "success_count": <number>,         // Transfers with result === 'completed'
    "transfer_map": {                  // Destination -> stats, sorted by attempts descending
      "<destination_name>": {
        "attempts": <number>,
        "failed": <number>
      },
      ...
    }
  },
  "generated_at": "<ISO timestamp>",
  "environment": "production" | "staging",
  "calls": [
    {
      "correlation_id": "<string>",
      "caller_type": "<string or null>",   // e.g., "new_case", "existing_case", "insurance", "customer_success", etc.
      "no_action_needed": <boolean>,
      "message_taken": <boolean>,
      "is_disconnected": <boolean>,
      "structured_outputs": [             // Tool call results from webhook structuredOutputs
        {
          "name": "<function_name>",
          "result": <string | boolean | object>
        },
        ...
      ],
      "structured_output_failure": <boolean>,  // True if any tool call result indicates failure
      "cekura": {
        "id": <number>,
        "call_id": "<string>",
        "call_ended_reason": "<string or null>",
        "status": "<string>",              // "success" or failure status
        "is_reviewed": <boolean>,
        "feedback": "<string or null>",
        "duration": "<string or null>",    // e.g., "01:26"
        "agent": "<string or null>",
        "dropoff_point": "<string or null>",
        "error_message": "<string or null>",
        "critical_categories": ["<string>", ...],
        "evaluation": {
          "metrics": [
            {
              "id": <number>,
              "name": "<string>",
              "score": <number or null>,
              "enum": "<string or null>"
            },
            ...
          ]
        } | null
      },
      "sentry": {
        "errors": [
          {
            "id": "<string>",
            "title": "<string>",
            "message": "<string>",
            "level": "<string>",
            "timestamp": "<ISO timestamp>",
            "environment": "<string>"
          },
          ...
        ]
      },
      "transfers": [
        {
          "destination": "<string>",       // Team member name or "Customer Success"
          "mode": "transfer_direct" | "transfer_experimental_voicemail" | "transfer_experimental_pickup",
          "result": "<string>"             // e.g., "completed", "cancelled", "failed"
        },
        ...
      ]
    },
    ...
  ]
}

=== OUTPUT FORMAT ===
Return exactly one JSON object with this structure:

{
  "ai_response": "<markdown string>"
}

The `ai_response` must be a valid JSON string containing the full Markdown report with newlines escaped as `\n`.

=== MARKDOWN REPORT STRUCTURE ===
Create a clear, scannable report with these sections:

# EOD Report — {date from generated_at}
Show both ISO UTC timestamp and Asia/Kolkata local time.

## 1) Executive Summary
- Total calls handled (from `total`)
- Success vs failure breakdown (count and %)
- System health assessment: Good / Watch / Critical with brief rationale

## 2) Caller Type Breakdown
Group calls by `caller_type` and present as a table:
| Caller Type | Count | % of Total |
|-------------|-------|------------|
Include all caller types present in the data. Use human-readable labels (e.g., "New Case" for "new_case").

## 3) Calls Transferred — Acceptance Rate by Team Member
Use the `transfers_report` aggregate data to build this section:
- Total transfer attempts: `transfers_report.attempt_count`
- Overall transfer success rate: `transfers_report.success_count / attempt_count`

Present `transfers_report.transfer_map` as a table:
| Team Member | Attempts | Failed | Acceptance Rate |
|-------------|----------|--------|-----------------|
Compute acceptance rate as `(attempts - failed) / attempts * 100`. Sort by attempts descending.

## 4) Messages Taken
- Total messages taken: `messages_taken`
- Percentage of total calls that resulted in a message

## 5) Team Time Saved
- Total time saved: `time_saved` (convert to human-readable hours/minutes)
- Total call time: `total_call_time` (convert to human-readable)
- Percentage of call time that was "no action needed"

## 6) Disconnection Rate
- Disconnection rate: `disconnection_rate`% of calls
- List correlation IDs of disconnected calls (where `is_disconnected` is true)
- Flag if rate exceeds 5% as a concern

## 7) Biggest Issues (Ranked)
Analyze failure calls and rank the top issues by frequency:
- Group by failure category: tool call failures, infrastructure issues, silence timeouts, customer hangups, sentry errors
- For each issue, provide count and 1-2 actionable recommendations
- A call is a problem if: `cekura.status` !== "success", or has Tool Call Success score = 0, or has Infrastructure Issues score = 0, or has sentry errors

## 8) Customer Success Escalations
Use the pre-computed `cs_escalation_count` aggregate — this counts calls that were transferred to "Customer Success" AND had a `structured_output_failure` (tool call failure such as failed case lookup).
- Total CS escalations: `cs_escalation_count`
- List the specific calls by scanning for `structured_output_failure === true` AND any transfer with `destination` containing "Customer Success"
- For each, show: correlation ID, caller type, which tool calls failed (from `structured_outputs`), error message
- This indicates cases where the AI couldn't resolve the issue (e.g., couldn't look up case file)

## 9) Problem Calls Detail
Create a Markdown table listing each problem call:
| Correlation ID | Caller Type | Duration | Ended Reason | Primary Issue | Sentry Errors |
Sort by severity: tool failures first, then infrastructure issues.

## 10) Recommended Actions (Prioritized)
Provide 3-5 actionable next steps with suggested owners:
- "Engineering — investigate [specific issue]"
- "Ops — review [specific area]"

=== FORMATTING GUIDELINES ===
- Use proper Markdown: headings (##), tables, bullet lists, code blocks
- Be thorough but concise — prioritize actionable insights
- Ensure the markdown is suitable for both web display and PDF export
- **IMPORTANT: Correlation IDs** — Always write correlation IDs as plain text in their FULL form (e.g., 019c05e4-728f-700b-b104-856190eb6a95). Do NOT wrap them in backticks, code blocks, or markdown links. They will be automatically converted to clickable links in post-processing.

=== INPUT ===
{input_json}
