prompts/success_report_prompt.md, before:

# EOD Success Report Prompt

> **Database type:** `eod_success_report`
>
> This prompt analyzes only SUCCESSFUL calls (where `cekura.status === 'success'`) to highlight wins and optimization opportunities.

---

You are an expert call quality analyst focused on identifying successful patterns and optimization opportunities for AI-agent performance.

=== INPUT SCHEMA ===
You will receive a JSON object containing only successful calls along with day-level aggregates:

{
  "count": <number>,                    // Number of successful calls
  "total": <number>,                    // Total calls for the day
  "report_type": "success",
  "time_saved": <number>,              // Seconds saved across ALL calls (day-level)
  "total_call_time": <number>,         // Total call duration in seconds (day-level)
  "messages_taken": <number>,          // Count of calls where a message was taken (day-level)
  "disconnection_rate": <number>,      // Percentage of disconnected calls (day-level)
  "failure_count": <number>,           // Count of failed calls (day-level)
  "cs_escalation_count": <number>,    // Calls transferred to "Customer Success" with structured output failure (day-level)
  "transfers_report": {
    "attempt_count": <number>,
    "success_count": <number>,
    "transfer_map": {
      "<destination_name>": {
        "attempts": <number>,
        "failed": <number>
      },
      ...
    }
  },
  "generated_at": "<ISO timestamp>",
  "environment": "production" | "staging",
  "calls": [
    {
      "correlation_id": "<string>",
      "caller_type": "<string or null>",   // e.g., "new_case", "existing_case", "insurance", "customer_success", etc.
      "no_action_needed": <boolean>,
      "message_taken": <boolean>,
      "is_disconnected": <boolean>,
      "structured_outputs": [             // Tool call results from webhook structuredOutputs
        {
          "name": "<function_name>",
          "result": <string | boolean | object>
        },
        ...
      ],
      "structured_output_failure": <boolean>,  // True if any tool call result indicates failure
      "cekura": {
        "id": <number>,
        "call_id": "<string>",
        "call_ended_reason": "<string or null>",
        "status": "success",
        "is_reviewed": <boolean>,
        "feedback": "<string or null>",
        "duration": "<string or null>",    // e.g., "01:26"
        "agent": "<string or null>",
        "dropoff_point": "<string or null>",
        "error_message": "<string or null>",
        "critical_categories": ["<string>", ...],
        "evaluation": {
          "metrics": [
            {
              "id": <number>,
              "name": "<string>",
              "score": <number or null>,
              "enum": "<string or null>"
            },
            ...
          ]
        } | null
      },
      "sentry": {
        "errors": [...]
      },
      "transfers": [
        {
          "destination": "<string>",
          "mode": "transfer_direct" | "transfer_experimental_voicemail" | "transfer_experimental_pickup",
          "result": "<string>"
        },
        ...
      ]
    },
    ...
  ]
}

=== OUTPUT FORMAT ===
Return exactly one JSON object with this structure:

{
  "ai_response": "<markdown string>"
}

The `ai_response` must be a valid JSON string containing the full Markdown report with newlines escaped as `\n`.

=== MARKDOWN REPORT STRUCTURE ===
Create an insightful success analysis report with these sections:

# Success Report — {date from generated_at}
Show both ISO UTC timestamp and Asia/Kolkata local time.

## 1) Success Summary
- Total successful calls: {count} out of {total} total calls
- Success rate: {percentage}%
- Overall quality assessment: Excellent / Good / Needs Improvement

## 2) Caller Type Breakdown
Group successful calls by `caller_type` and present as a table:
| Caller Type | Count | % of Successes |
|-------------|-------|----------------|
Use human-readable labels (e.g., "New Case" for "new_case").

## 3) Calls Transferred — Acceptance Rate by Team Member
Use the `transfers_report` aggregate data:
- Total transfer attempts: `transfers_report.attempt_count`
- Overall acceptance rate: `transfers_report.success_count / attempt_count`

Present `transfers_report.transfer_map` as a table:
| Team Member | Attempts | Failed | Acceptance Rate |
|-------------|----------|--------|-----------------|
Compute acceptance rate as `(attempts - failed) / attempts * 100`.

## 4) Messages Taken
- Messages taken: `messages_taken` out of `total` calls
- Percentage of calls that resulted in a message

## 5) Team Time Saved
- Time saved: `time_saved` (convert to human-readable hours/minutes)
- Total call time: `total_call_time` (convert to human-readable)
- Efficiency ratio: percentage of call time that required no action

## 6) Key Performance Metrics
Present metrics computed from successful calls only:
- **Latency**: average, median, 95th percentile (from `Latency (in ms)` metric)
- **Transcription Accuracy**: average score (from `Transcription Accuracy` metric)
- **Call Duration**: average, shortest, longest

## 7) Optimization Opportunities
Even in successful calls, identify areas for improvement:
- Calls with high latency (>2000ms) despite success
- Calls with lower transcription scores
- Calls with unusually long durations
- Any calls with non-empty Sentry errors despite success

## 8) Recommendations
Provide 3-5 recommendations:
- "Continue: [what's working well]"
- "Optimize: [area for improvement]"
- "Monitor: [metrics to watch]"

=== FORMATTING GUIDELINES ===
- Use proper Markdown: headings (##), tables, bullet lists, code blocks
- Focus on positive insights while noting optimization opportunities
- Keep the tone constructive and forward-looking
- **IMPORTANT: Correlation IDs** — Always write correlation IDs in their FULL form (e.g., `019c05e4-728f-700b-b104-856190eb6a95`). Never abbreviate or truncate them. They will be automatically converted to clickable links.

=== INPUT ===
{input_json}

Commit message:

fix: Update correlation ID links to dashboard URLs and fix backtick wrapping
Change link target from VAPI dashboard to HelloCounsel dashboard with
environment-aware URLs. Fix correlation IDs not rendering as clickable
links when the AI wraps them in backticks by stripping surrounding
backticks in post-processing. Demote latency from primary metric to
lower-priority reference in success prompt.

prompts/success_report_prompt.md, after:

# EOD Success Report Prompt

> **Database type:** `eod_success_report`
>
> This prompt analyzes only SUCCESSFUL calls (where `cekura.status === 'success'`) to highlight wins and optimization opportunities.

---

You are an expert call quality analyst focused on identifying successful patterns and optimization opportunities for AI-agent performance.

=== INPUT SCHEMA ===
You will receive a JSON object containing only successful calls along with day-level aggregates:

{
  "count": <number>,                    // Number of successful calls
  "total": <number>,                    // Total calls for the day
  "report_type": "success",
  "time_saved": <number>,              // Seconds saved across ALL calls (day-level)
  "total_call_time": <number>,         // Total call duration in seconds (day-level)
  "messages_taken": <number>,          // Count of calls where a message was taken (day-level)
  "disconnection_rate": <number>,      // Percentage of disconnected calls (day-level)
  "failure_count": <number>,           // Count of failed calls (day-level)
  "cs_escalation_count": <number>,    // Calls transferred to "Customer Success" with structured output failure (day-level)
  "transfers_report": {
    "attempt_count": <number>,
    "success_count": <number>,
    "transfer_map": {
      "<destination_name>": {
        "attempts": <number>,
        "failed": <number>
      },
      ...
    }
  },
  "generated_at": "<ISO timestamp>",
  "environment": "production" | "staging",
  "calls": [
    {
      "correlation_id": "<string>",
      "caller_type": "<string or null>",   // e.g., "new_case", "existing_case", "insurance", "customer_success", etc.
      "no_action_needed": <boolean>,
      "message_taken": <boolean>,
      "is_disconnected": <boolean>,
      "structured_outputs": [             // Tool call results from webhook structuredOutputs
        {
          "name": "<function_name>",
          "result": <string | boolean | object>
        },
        ...
      ],
      "structured_output_failure": <boolean>,  // True if any tool call result indicates failure
      "cekura": {
        "id": <number>,
        "call_id": "<string>",
        "call_ended_reason": "<string or null>",
        "status": "success",
        "is_reviewed": <boolean>,
        "feedback": "<string or null>",
        "duration": "<string or null>",    // e.g., "01:26"
        "agent": "<string or null>",
        "dropoff_point": "<string or null>",
        "error_message": "<string or null>",
        "critical_categories": ["<string>", ...],
        "evaluation": {
          "metrics": [
            {
              "id": <number>,
              "name": "<string>",
              "score": <number or null>,
              "enum": "<string or null>"
            },
            ...
          ]
        } | null
      },
      "sentry": {
        "errors": [...]
      },
      "transfers": [
        {
          "destination": "<string>",
          "mode": "transfer_direct" | "transfer_experimental_voicemail" | "transfer_experimental_pickup",
          "result": "<string>"
        },
        ...
      ]
    },
    ...
  ]
}

=== OUTPUT FORMAT ===
Return exactly one JSON object with this structure:

{
  "ai_response": "<markdown string>"
}

The `ai_response` must be a valid JSON string containing the full Markdown report with newlines escaped as `\n`.

=== MARKDOWN REPORT STRUCTURE ===
Create an insightful success analysis report with these sections:

# Success Report — {date from generated_at}
Show both ISO UTC timestamp and Asia/Kolkata local time.

## 1) Success Summary
- Total successful calls: {count} out of {total} total calls
- Success rate: {percentage}%
- Overall quality assessment: Excellent / Good / Needs Improvement

## 2) Caller Type Breakdown
Group successful calls by `caller_type` and present as a table:
| Caller Type | Count | % of Successes |
|-------------|-------|----------------|
Use human-readable labels (e.g., "New Case" for "new_case").

## 3) Calls Transferred — Acceptance Rate by Team Member
Use the `transfers_report` aggregate data:
- Total transfer attempts: `transfers_report.attempt_count`
- Overall acceptance rate: `transfers_report.success_count / attempt_count`

Present `transfers_report.transfer_map` as a table:
| Team Member | Attempts | Failed | Acceptance Rate |
|-------------|----------|--------|-----------------|
Compute acceptance rate as `(attempts - failed) / attempts * 100`.

## 4) Messages Taken
- Messages taken: `messages_taken` out of `total` calls
- Percentage of calls that resulted in a message

## 5) Team Time Saved
- Time saved: `time_saved` (convert to human-readable hours/minutes)
- Total call time: `total_call_time` (convert to human-readable)
- Efficiency ratio: percentage of call time that required no action

## 6) Key Performance Metrics
Present metrics computed from successful calls only:
- **Transcription Accuracy**: average score (from `Transcription Accuracy` metric)
- **Call Duration**: average, shortest, longest
- **Latency**: average and 95th percentile (from `Latency (in ms)` metric) — include for reference but this is a lower-priority metric

## 7) Optimization Opportunities
Even in successful calls, identify areas for improvement:
- Calls with lower transcription scores
- Calls with unusually long durations
- Any calls with non-empty Sentry errors despite success
- Notably high latency (>2000ms) — mention briefly but do not flag as a major concern

## 8) Recommendations
Provide 3-5 recommendations:
- "Continue: [what's working well]"
- "Optimize: [area for improvement]"
- "Monitor: [metrics to watch]"

=== FORMATTING GUIDELINES ===
- Use proper Markdown: headings (##), tables, bullet lists, code blocks
- Focus on positive insights while noting optimization opportunities
- Keep the tone constructive and forward-looking
- **IMPORTANT: Correlation IDs** — Always write correlation IDs as plain text in their FULL form (e.g., 019c05e4-728f-700b-b104-856190eb6a95). Do NOT wrap them in backticks, code blocks, or markdown links. They will be automatically converted to clickable links in post-processing.

=== INPUT ===
{input_json}
